total the mother told me Marina before off
camera that she wanted to tell me something
that you wanted to explain to me something that had
escaped me on the subject of
well
the real reason yes why the Campos
continue protecting their traitor driver I
mean you call him a traitor driver Yes yes
Look the first thing I want to do
from here is ask these more than
4,500 people What do you think of
this story of the Campos with the
driver Kiko Hernández telling the
information the other day the Toca for
them I want to ask Because also I
love reading what people say says
Loli says Loli this is already very strong
Loli not strong it
's for the end of the live Loli
Stay at the end of the live there is
one more thing okay I'll tell you later I'll tell you later
Loli you stay a kiss queen there were
a lot of people You
know what happens Marina I don't know if you
'll agree with me that many
times people act in such a
fanatical way that when someone they
consider to be on the opposite side or not
ungrateful people says something Like for example they
could  be Kiko Hernandez in this case
who was the one who said that this driver
had recorded leaked a leaked not
recorded a conversation in all
possible conversations and a lot of
things from the Campo there were many people who
said
Kiko Hernandez your hair is going to fall out
if he sues you you are accusing someone
of a crime that is a lie that
man has not done that man that man is very
faithful you what you are afraid of is losing
the inheritance and now suddenly you tell me
that you have much more information than me
and that surely the majority of the
four thousand five hundred people who are
here but not even half have given him a like you
tell me please
yes I need a few more like and
a little bit come on a little bit more a
little bit more like No look first time I
say it then you say how heavy
your channel seems he tells me no but a
few more to tell to tell
because yes of course but so that people
understand it It's that I have lived through two
situations with Gustavo that I want to
tell so a little bit more of Line
no how much first person yes yes yes yes yes yes
that's why I want to tell it Of course if
not no  I would tell you come on It does
n't matter if it rains hard it seems to me
a little bit closer to you son or
what Or it hurts and all my life my soul
Give it a like my weapon Marina you Have
lived two
experiences with direct you with Gustavo
look that I always
two I always considered him a good
guy but of course
evidently he is a textbook traitor I have
been about to call him but I
said I'm not going to try And look that I don't care
that I have then said it's
Sunday It's that always on Sundays Davo
like a little more hesitation but
is about to call him but I said
no because I already understand what she I already
understand what she is preparing or rather it's
everything is everything already prepared she is not going to go
to survivors well you never know
Here we go I don't think so because María Teresa
needs 24 hours it is her main
support and sustenance both physically and
emotionally I believe apart from her
daughters obviously but here goes here goes
what we are going to tell
And before I want to ask people
What do you think of this whole story of
Kiko Hernández's driver and
the Campos' attitude on television
they say in the chat
Marina has a voice to sing for Rosana
But you sing better Well I can say
Yolanda that I sent her a song that is
from No puedo estar sin ti Not that I
dedicated it to her or anything but I sent it to her
and she went bald She said What
feeling does it turn her on
Nothing You don't
get to send it to her You start singing
to Yoli on WhatsApp Yes and she send each other
audios singing and such Of course
man For them singing But because
in shared hobbies they are better You do
n't go too far When you share things
with someone no or with the youtubers you don't
talk about YouTube I usually fight with the
youtubers
almost all of them have blocked me
And wait
two months two more months
to see Hobby Hobby
not that I share much with them but
well I understood you But how but
how do you say that If you have how do you say that
If they love you a lot almost all of them
man come on see there are some that do let's
see the important thing No
The likes have barely gone up But well we don't care since
nothing happens come on nothing happens
Look
one must remember in this story of
betrayal because it is a story of
betrayal and tradition luckily
unfortunately it sells a lot on television
what happens is that they throw them around so much that
we're starting to get a little lazy
no So what's happening is that this
is the story of a betrayal This is
thestory
of a man okay
expectant because of course you emphasize
the subject a lot okay word tradition Look,
a lot of people who are
writing in the chat have got it right but let's see but
because it's a logical question What happens is that it
has a background that
people might not know okay And the next thing is let's
see
we know the character of the Campos
we know that Terelu Carmen Borrego
especially Terelu and we know it and I also
know
that for some time they want to shield
her mother's life at a public level no
well I was the first to
realize the day that I live my life he called me
stupid that later he apologized and I don't
know what Because of course I didn't understand
Why was an interview being put on
to comment on I was commenting on it and he
said girl comb your hair and it was like let's see
honey they're putting on a video for me I'm
sorry politely And that was when I
told María Teresa in the press always
and more lately we have respected her And
I was thinking if sometimes Selar did not
respect her but we have gone down other
paths it is because she has gotten into
a reality show she has spoken about her relationship with
the world it makes you okay in the end she
explained to me in advertising what
was happening that obviously we cannot
tell but now people imagine it And the thing is that
well the ailments of age and
circumstances are changing and she
is now more at home away from
television taking care of herself her daughters are
protecting her in that sense finally
making sure that she does not do exclusives
because the last one let's remember that it was
done by Kiko Hernández in which she said
outrageous things like that Ortega here
had not told her that if his friend put on her or something like that
some outrageous thing
and that was published with the
consent of her daughters and it killed
me that day Terelón
man I understand that there would be
consent of at least one of her daughters
Of course it cannot be that Kiko
did the interview and that's it, I mean, they should
know the statements, they would not
accompany her man and also for
example Carmen Borregosla who has always
managed that kind of thing from her mother
and Terelus inverso has come out to be aware
then to me that as a result of that
Terelu and Carmen already have a relationship because
with Hernandez it is something that in me does not
understand But of course my morals are one and
hers are another very different thank
God So Well we continue from
there María Teresa and I am putting into
context that this is a little
exhausting but to place okay
as a result of that María Teresa is at
home well she barely goes out more than for
well medical checkups or
routine things or errands which is what has to be
done always in the company of Gustavo
her perfect driver what is happening is
that a month ago evidently they went to
a clinic and the news came out that María
Teresa has had to do some
tests she went to the hospital evidently
this was of public importance
all the media were there
and her daughters they in
first person gave the explanation
why we were all no if they had not
hidden it I mean if they could have
avoided it they would have avoided it But
knowing Knowing the interest it was
impossible so they very prudently are
obviously not going to tell more than they think
convenient to tell That's why I
think they talked about anemia,
well, that she ate little, that she
was visibly weaker,
thinner, what we discussed up to there. We're not
going to be the ones to talk too
much either, perfect, okay,
then Gustavo's name comes up. I'll
also tell you one thing, we're
talking about protecting María Teresa, but
protecting María Teresa also means
protecting the foundations that support her,
including her daughters and Gustavo, but
save me, obviously he hasn't gone
directly after María, María
Teresa, but he has gone after Gustavo to
destroy Gustavo's public image,
which is no small feat, knowing that he is
María Teresa's support, okay? How about
through Kiko Hernández, who has been
developing a plan for months to meet
up with Gustavo for meals, they are bringing
out information, and be careful, the
main culprit is Gustavo for for for
recording them for having recordings of
the Campos to protect himself. No dear, to
protect himself, not to have proof
so that one day he can tell it bigger. Gustavo
was talking about how much two
of her lights are worth to me and all exclusives with
María Teresa about how much a I don't know
what of ha would be worth  thought about writing a book
even about his life alongside Maria to
make money he has put the Campos family down
because no one can stand her in that I
can understand because both he and everyone else
the 90% who have been by
the Campos family's side have done the same up to there
perfect okay
then pay attention the most fascinating thing about
the story something like this happens at the place where
I am working knowing that
my mother is being hurt
because no matter how much of an [ __ ] this man is which he is he is
still the one
next to her at a time when my
mother is ill As is the present and I
stop working at that place and I do not
feel like day in and day out giving
account to give account Oh I am having an
anxiety attack Oh I'm leaving it is not called
dignity Carmen borrego terelu Where is
your dignity because between the
use I see arrogance and haughtiness it
irritates me to see it on television I do not care to
talk about her like that I do not have it I do not have it
before in me if I were to catch myself now on
television it would be a different story
but they take advantage of someone new
then you are like saying what is
this but of course  things change and
people evolve and learn
So you stay like dignity zero
heart both of you and leaving me makes me feel more sorry
because I have a good relationship with Carmen
even talking to her you can
talk okay dignity none we continue
how fascinating
the relationship is the reaction of Terelu and
Carmen Borrego to the great betrayal of
Gustavo the man who tries to
unmask a mother who is not in
good health
the reactions one justification is
not that well it is that justifying
that he does that it is that well also maybe he
wants to protect her it is that my mother has been
at my mother's side for a long time he is
like a son he is knowing them Campos
that man would have been out of there
years ago but what is happening one one already
one She blames herself on that is that he was the
savior of my mother when when she
had the stroke which was true and that is
where he came in I remember that night I think it
was in the year
2016 it could be when María Teresa
Campos had the stroke that evidently it
was Gustavo the man who was there who
saw him that I was checking on
Teresa Campos problems I don't remember
for  what video was he had suffered from
throat cancer, which was
approximately 2008 2009 and then the
stroke was recent, so to speak, like
2016, he
was the one who realized, the one who called,
etc. and I know that obviously
he must love her because it's been many
years, but of course it's not easy to be by
their side, so of course they
blame a lot of that, it was the Salvador, it was
the such and such, it's not like the agenda that is
commenting on what they have, but I
know from colleagues that it's like, let's see, we ca
n't speak badly of him either in case
this person, let's say that he is the one who
has the bull by the horns,
how he tells it, the ones who come out harmed
are her, I mean, in fact, there are things that he has
told a very small circle
that could leave the image of the
Campos family, including the mother, which, out of
empathy, I wouldn't do it, but of the
daughters, they could leave it, I mean, their
media image more destroyed and more
shattered, atrocities,
atrocities, and of Alejandra Rubio
too, that's why the three of them are afraid, they
go on about how they are not afraid, they have been
afraid of  Kiko Hernandez Always above
all we go Carmen borrego terelu they
have always fought and they have been afraid of her and they
are afraid of Gustavo because of the
reprisals that their words may have. So
I think there is some kind of
agreement there of Gustavo does a delux to
Gustavo this or Gustavo continues with my mother
or Gustavo this But quiet and let's not
forget about the maid
María who left the country who worked
for the Campos and who came out scalded
and in a very bad position and who left the country and
who worked in that house and I
could never find out her cell phone, it made me very
angry yes but let's see, have
things reached your ears? Of course
without telling me that
what things at this point in 2023 that we are
can come out that leave them worse,
that it is a surprise that changes their
image that is worth money
because we also have to
take into account because if we are talking about health issues, privacy, it cannot be. Of course, of course, it would be suable, no and this man, let's see, having worked for many years, he will have his good salary but maybe it will cost you more at first. The idea
was  like writing a book with
his life with María Teresa of
anecdotes behind the cameras as
something nice, obviously there will be
nice but there will be many things
because María Teresa Campos is that there are
things that I can't but I know
because my colleagues from Castilla la
Mancha and fellow presenters who
have worked with her in the
golden age is a little taste it's a
little taste it's not that you taste you
fall quite short or rather of people who have
been afraid a lot of fear you know that
you are going to have it has no power But he has had it
because he has had a lot of power and the world
of television was like that and now it is like that
before it was worse And yes it is true that
I understand Gustavo will have endured
too and will have lived his way
evidently it is what you say
health issues issues of
family things you cannot talk about because of
course I know that Gustavo knows things that there are
many people who wonder and
why don't we talk later about his ex or his I do
n't know what about a brother who comes out there
that came out There are things there are
people who know But I don't know we ca
n't tell anything about that subject not
because of what has come out it is possible it is possible
understand where the shots can go
but the story is well told and of
Carmen Borrego's father and of Terelu but
yes there are yes there are many things that are known
but cannot be told and Gustavo
knows it and in the profession they are vox populi
but we cannot it is that no you do not know no and I do
not think it is but well it is a
bit of the line in Sálvame they would do it if it
could be done first but yes it
is true that I know that it is a
thorny life more with more thorns than
roses no then I
say that Gustavo so many years there what there is
not how it would be like
Gustavo's severance pay No because he will earn a good
salary he will live well I do not know what
supposedly what he was saying is that
Terelu did not pay him had not paid his
salary in the last year something that she
denied I have no idea there is
these people going to have not paid the
employees already of course what happens behind closed
doors you know it is
complicated it is complicated but the
truth is that this man's thing is a complete
mystery I would love  listen to him and I
think he has enough for a light for two and
for three but of course with everything you know with
everything not in a way to embellish things
So I want to say one thing and I don't
like it because it's going to be ugly but I
think people are going to understand I think there's going to be
a before and after
the day that María No I don't want I mean it doesn't
matter I'm not saying yes the day that María
Teresa is gone there's going to be a before and
after of course but Even in the
relationship with family members themselves that happens
Eh yes yes I mean I don't want that The
further away the better that day but
yes it's true that that day that one
day will pass and the day that it's as far away as
possible but yes it's true that there will
be a fuss relatives the
driver already what he's lived through what he's had in
life immediately
when María Teresa is gone field that
man no longer has a job
Yeah well like not going to survivors
talk
You know So it's a bit like that he doesn't
have a job no no Sorry excuse me I
dare say from here man
not to assure it's my speculation
unfounded in what I see I think it's
very likely that he goes  to be in
María Teresa Campos's will yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
she
always but I don't see the point
poisoned point two I'll tell you
from now on but how is she going to put an
employee
look what Pilar tells us that she
's not annoying that she's the good one and I
love you a lot and she has given you she doesn't
love me she's attracted to me not attractively no no no no no
no tell her nice things
tell her nice things
Marina it looks super fake if you are born
when there is a controversy between two
people that I appreciate and it's hard for me to give my
opinion because I'm softening here I am
Sandra and in the end as I say raca Well
I don't know the issue of inheritance is something
that is said a lot but it's what it's like
in the end you see in a family no matter
how good an employee of
your house is Hey Lina Morgan Lina Morgan left
the inheritance I mean there are many great
old artistic glories that leave it as an
inheritance due to lack of family for whatever reason you have spent
your whole life working You have
not formed You have not had any
offspring and they leave their chauffeur their
trusted assistant  is that he has
two daughters
each daughter has her own children she's
also going to give him
an inheritance to the driver he'll leave him the
car that he's using he's not
a driver It's that his all his hands
Understand me the daughters work he's the one
who is 24 hours away what happens is that he
's a traitor And it's that I
but it's that daughter the fortune of Rocío
degree I don't think it's the same as
María Teresa Campos well
well
María Teresa had to sell the mansion
of Molino de la O for a fortune I
was in that house I can tell you I think I
told you because they invited us I
don't know I don't know I don't know I mean
the family well let's see they are
different cases let's see how possible You can do
whatever you want let's see I
'm not saying it's impossible or anything
because impossible is whatever you want
as if you want something I'm telling you but man I do
n't know not having daughters having grandchildren
even great-grandchildren on the way were
coming on the way they are not here
yes with the one you don't talk to Look
how the story is with  the one who doesn't
speak Carmen Borrego well because of
her But well for save me I mean in the
end save me Carmen Borrego is
unwillingly giving up her family for
save me it's incredible what
money can achieve in this way so
this sectarian is that it's that they remind me I don't
want to make comparisons with
Nazi things And such But it really reminds me it
scares me money is like that eh
money the fame the greed someone
that I already
know it I sing around here about what a
bad lover fame is And what a betrayal it was
because then and as you come it goes away
remember totally totally you think you think that
our thing will go away Marina someday
because of fame
no I think that fame only changes her
The idiots I mean don't let it go to your head
that my followers love you more than
me let's see it's that they love me more than you
but not you too
[Music]
all night with the others every
day
[Music]